# ADR 1: keep separate document preferences and jseshStyle
 
Status
: accepted

## Context

The rendering system uses the `jseshStyle` value to layout the text. It's stored as in a `JSeshStyleReference` object, which can possibly be shared.

Document preferences are stored in a `DocumentPreferences` object. All values in `DocumentPreferences` also exist in `JSeshStyle`.

`DocumentPreferences` can be initialized from the JSesh gly file, and can be modified by the user, through the `DrawingSpecificationsPresenter` (whose name could be changed).

There is a synchronization problem between the two aspects of document preferences. At some point, we had forgotten to update the `DocumentPreferences` when the `JSeshStyle` was changed. The view was correctly updated, but the change was not persisted in the document.

In this respect, the question of solving the synchronization problem by computing one of the values from the other and not keeping it in memory arizes.


## Decision

Keep code as is. Update both values when necessary.

- both objects mean something different, and can exist in contexts where the other is not defined.
  
  - one can load a document in memory, process it and save it again, without displaying it; so `DocumentPreferences` is useful and legitimate as a standalone class;
  - one can use a JSesh field to display hieroglyphs without needing a document, so `JSeshStyle` is useful and legitimate as a standalone class.
  

## Consequences

Extra care should be taken to update both values when needed, especially if at some point we would decide to share stuff.