Missing EGPZ and unicode signes
reading EGPZ
reading Unicode
Opening /jseshGlyphs/list.txt
glyph A64 (UNICODE) not found
glyph A65 (UNICODE) not found
glyph A70 (UNICODE) not found
glyph C13 (UNICODE) not found
glyph C15 (UNICODE) not found
glyph C16 (UNICODE) not found
glyph D48a (UNICODE) not found
glyph D50b (UNICODE) not found
glyph D50c (UNICODE) not found
glyph D50d (UNICODE) not found
glyph D50e (UNICODE) not found
glyph D50f (UNICODE) not found
glyph D50g (UNICODE) not found
glyph D50h (UNICODE) not found
glyph D50i (UNICODE) not found
glyph D64 (UNICODE) not found
glyph D67a (UNICODE) not found
glyph D67b (UNICODE) not found
glyph D67c (UNICODE) not found
glyph D67d (UNICODE) not found
glyph D67e (UNICODE) not found
glyph D67f (UNICODE) not found
glyph D67g (UNICODE) not found
glyph D67h (UNICODE) not found
glyph E28a (UNICODE) not found
glyph F21a (UNICODE) not found
glyph F45a (UNICODE) not found
glyph F51c (UNICODE) not found
glyph G6a (UNICODE) not found
glyph G11a (UNICODE) not found
glyph G36a (UNICODE) not found
glyph G37a (UNICODE) not found
glyph G45a (UNICODE) not found
glyph I11a (UNICODE) not found
glyph L2a (UNICODE) not found
glyph L6a (UNICODE) not found
glyph L8 (UNICODE) not found
glyph M10a (UNICODE) not found
glyph M12c (UNICODE) not found
glyph M12d (UNICODE) not found
glyph M12e (UNICODE) not found
glyph M12f (UNICODE) not found
glyph M12g (UNICODE) not found
glyph M12h (UNICODE) not found
glyph M28a (UNICODE) not found
glyph N18b (UNICODE) not found
glyph N25a (UNICODE) not found
glyph NL1 (UNICODE) not found
glyph NL2 (UNICODE) not found
glyph NL3 (UNICODE) not found
glyph NL4 (UNICODE) not found
glyph NL5 (UNICODE) not found
glyph NL5a (UNICODE) not found
glyph NL6 (UNICODE) not found
glyph NL7 (UNICODE) not found
glyph NL8 (UNICODE) not found
glyph NL9 (UNICODE) not found
glyph NL11 (UNICODE) not found
glyph NL12 (UNICODE) not found
glyph NL13 (UNICODE) not found
glyph NL14 (UNICODE) not found
glyph NL15 (UNICODE) not found
glyph NL16 (UNICODE) not found
glyph NL17 (UNICODE) not found
glyph NL17a (UNICODE) not found
glyph NL18 (UNICODE) not found
glyph NL19 (UNICODE) not found
glyph NL20 (UNICODE) not found
glyph NU1 (UNICODE) not found
glyph NU2 (UNICODE) not found
glyph NU3 (UNICODE) not found
glyph NU4 (UNICODE) not found
glyph NU5 (UNICODE) not found
glyph NU6 (UNICODE) not found
glyph NU7 (UNICODE) not found
glyph NU8 (UNICODE) not found
glyph NU9 (UNICODE) not found
glyph NU10 (UNICODE) not found
glyph NU10a (UNICODE) not found
glyph NU11 (UNICODE) not found
glyph NU11a (UNICODE) not found
glyph NU12 (UNICODE) not found
glyph NU13 (UNICODE) not found
glyph NU14 (UNICODE) not found
glyph NU15 (UNICODE) not found
glyph NU16 (UNICODE) not found
glyph NU17 (UNICODE) not found
glyph NU18 (UNICODE) not found
glyph NU18a (UNICODE) not found
glyph NU19 (UNICODE) not found
glyph NU20 (UNICODE) not found
glyph NU21 (UNICODE) not found
glyph NU22 (UNICODE) not found
glyph NU22a (UNICODE) not found
glyph O1a (UNICODE) not found
glyph O5a (UNICODE) not found
glyph O6e (UNICODE) not found
glyph O6f (UNICODE) not found
glyph O10b (UNICODE) not found
glyph O10c (UNICODE) not found
glyph O25a (UNICODE) not found
glyph O29a (UNICODE) not found
glyph O30a (UNICODE) not found
glyph O50a (UNICODE) not found
glyph O50b (UNICODE) not found
glyph S6a (UNICODE) not found
glyph S26a (UNICODE) not found
glyph S26b (UNICODE) not found
glyph S35a (UNICODE) not found
glyph U6a (UNICODE) not found
glyph U6b (UNICODE) not found
glyph U42 (UNICODE) not found
glyph V1a (UNICODE) not found
glyph V1b (UNICODE) not found
glyph V1c (UNICODE) not found
glyph V1d (UNICODE) not found
glyph V1e (UNICODE) not found
glyph V1f (UNICODE) not found
glyph V1g (UNICODE) not found
glyph V1h (UNICODE) not found
glyph V1i (UNICODE) not found
glyph V7a (UNICODE) not found
glyph V7b (UNICODE) not found
glyph V11b (UNICODE) not found
glyph V11c (UNICODE) not found
glyph V12a (UNICODE) not found
glyph V12b (UNICODE) not found
glyph V20a (UNICODE) not found
glyph V20b (UNICODE) not found
glyph V20c (UNICODE) not found
glyph V20d (UNICODE) not found
glyph V20e (UNICODE) not found
glyph V20f (UNICODE) not found
glyph V20g (UNICODE) not found
glyph V20i (UNICODE) not found
glyph V20j (UNICODE) not found
glyph V20k (UNICODE) not found
glyph V20l (UNICODE) not found
glyph V30a (UNICODE) not found
glyph V33a (UNICODE) not found
glyph V37a (UNICODE) not found
glyph V40a (UNICODE) not found
glyph W24a (UNICODE) not found
glyph X8a (UNICODE) not found
glyph Y1a (UNICODE) not found
glyph Z2d (UNICODE) not found
glyph Z3b (UNICODE) not found
glyph Z5a (UNICODE) not found
glyph Z15a (UNICODE) not found
glyph Z15b (UNICODE) not found
glyph Z15c (UNICODE) not found
glyph Z15d (UNICODE) not found
glyph Z15e (UNICODE) not found
glyph Z15f (UNICODE) not found
glyph Z15g (UNICODE) not found
glyph Z15h (UNICODE) not found
glyph Z15i (UNICODE) not found
glyph Z16a (UNICODE) not found
glyph Z16b (UNICODE) not found
glyph Z16c (UNICODE) not found
glyph Z16d (UNICODE) not found
glyph Z16e (UNICODE) not found
glyph Z16f (UNICODE) not found
glyph Z16g (UNICODE) not found
glyph Z16h (UNICODE) not found
glyph Aa7a (UNICODE) not found
glyph Aa7b (UNICODE) not found
glyph K6B (EGZP) not found
glyph L3U (EGZP) not found
glyph N11VR (EGZP) not found
glyph N11V (EGZP) not found
glyph N12VR (EGZP) not found
glyph N12V (EGZP) not found
glyph NU15A (EGZP) not found
glyph O6E (EGZP) not found
glyph O10C (EGZP) not found
glyph O31V (EGZP) not found
glyph O31VR (EGZP) not found
glyph P8HR (EGZP) not found
glyph T10V (EGZP) not found
glyph V26V (EGZP) not found
glyph V27V (EGZP) not found
glyph W2H (EGZP) not found
glyph AA11VA (EGZP) not found
glyph AA32H (EGZP) not found
glyph A512 (EGZP) not found
glyph B7I (EGZP) not found
glyph B7J (EGZP) not found
glyph C175B (EGZP) not found
glyph D7B (EGZP) not found
glyph D24A (EGZP) not found
glyph D36A (EGZP) not found
glyph D129A (EGZP) not found
glyph D218A (EGZP) not found
glyph D223 (EGZP) not found
glyph D280A (EGZP) not found
glyph D363 (EGZP) not found
glyph D364 (EGZP) not found
glyph D418 (EGZP) not found
glyph E100B (EGZP) not found
glyph E100C (EGZP) not found
glyph E295 (EGZP) not found
glyph F41A (EGZP) not found
glyph F51C (EGZP) not found
glyph F51F (EGZP) not found
glyph F130 (EGZP) not found
glyph F163 (EGZP) not found
glyph F163A (EGZP) not found
glyph G14B (EGZP) not found
glyph G23A (EGZP) not found
glyph G24B (EGZP) not found
glyph G225A (EGZP) not found
glyph H2A (EGZP) not found
glyph H6D (EGZP) not found
glyph L7A (EGZP) not found
glyph L12B (EGZP) not found
glyph M32A (EGZP) not found
glyph M43C (EGZP) not found
glyph M43D (EGZP) not found
glyph M139A (EGZP) not found
glyph M248 (EGZP) not found
glyph N5A (EGZP) not found
glyph N5B (EGZP) not found
glyph N6E (EGZP) not found
glyph N16D (EGZP) not found
glyph N23A (EGZP) not found
glyph N23B (EGZP) not found
glyph N31J (EGZP) not found
glyph N36C (EGZP) not found
glyph N40B (EGZP) not found
glyph N63A (EGZP) not found
glyph N71A (EGZP) not found
glyph N145 (EGZP) not found
glyph NL1A (EGZP) not found
glyph NL1B (EGZP) not found
glyph NL1C (EGZP) not found
glyph NL2A (EGZP) not found
glyph NL3A (EGZP) not found
glyph NL3B (EGZP) not found
glyph NL4A (EGZP) not found
glyph NL4B (EGZP) not found
glyph NL4C (EGZP) not found
glyph NL5B (EGZP) not found
glyph NL5C (EGZP) not found
glyph NL6A (EGZP) not found
glyph NL7A (EGZP) not found
glyph NL7B (EGZP) not found
glyph NL7C (EGZP) not found
glyph NL7D (EGZP) not found
glyph NL8A (EGZP) not found
glyph NL8B (EGZP) not found
glyph NL9A (EGZP) not found
glyph NL9B (EGZP) not found
glyph NL11A (EGZP) not found
glyph NL12A (EGZP) not found
glyph NL14A (EGZP) not found
glyph NL15A (EGZP) not found
glyph NL18A (EGZP) not found
glyph NL20A (EGZP) not found
glyph NU1A (EGZP) not found
glyph NU2A (EGZP) not found
glyph NU2B (EGZP) not found
glyph NU2C (EGZP) not found
glyph NU2D (EGZP) not found
glyph NU2E (EGZP) not found
glyph NU6A (EGZP) not found
glyph NU9A (EGZP) not found
glyph NU10B (EGZP) not found
glyph NU10C (EGZP) not found
glyph NU10D (EGZP) not found
glyph NU11B (EGZP) not found
glyph NU12A (EGZP) not found
glyph NU12B (EGZP) not found
glyph NU13A (EGZP) not found
glyph NU14A (EGZP) not found
glyph NU14B (EGZP) not found
glyph NU14C (EGZP) not found
glyph NU16A (EGZP) not found
glyph NU17A (EGZP) not found
glyph NU17B (EGZP) not found
glyph NU17C (EGZP) not found
glyph NU17D (EGZP) not found
glyph NU18B (EGZP) not found
glyph NU21A (EGZP) not found
glyph O15A (EGZP) not found
glyph O31A (EGZP) not found
glyph O31B (EGZP) not found
glyph O44D (EGZP) not found
glyph O49B (EGZP) not found
glyph O246 (EGZP) not found
glyph O289A (EGZP) not found
glyph O354 (EGZP) not found
glyph P2G (EGZP) not found
glyph P4A (EGZP) not found
glyph P4F (EGZP) not found
glyph P4G (EGZP) not found
glyph P5W (EGZP) not found
glyph P57 (EGZP) not found
glyph P60D (EGZP) not found
glyph Q18B (EGZP) not found
glyph R10J (EGZP) not found
glyph R15C (EGZP) not found
glyph R22A (EGZP) not found
glyph R23C (EGZP) not found
glyph R24B (EGZP) not found
glyph R24C (EGZP) not found
glyph R24D (EGZP) not found
glyph R25A (EGZP) not found
glyph R25B (EGZP) not found
glyph R61B (EGZP) not found
glyph S34A (EGZP) not found
glyph S40A (EGZP) not found
glyph S42B (EGZP) not found
glyph T83B (EGZP) not found
glyph T142 (EGZP) not found
glyph T143 (EGZP) not found
glyph U3A (EGZP) not found
glyph U6C (EGZP) not found
glyph U7E (EGZP) not found
glyph U39R (EGZP) not found
glyph U40A (EGZP) not found
glyph U116A (EGZP) not found
glyph V1J (EGZP) not found
glyph V6A (EGZP) not found
glyph V31B (EGZP) not found
glyph V39A (EGZP) not found
glyph V116 (EGZP) not found
glyph W9C (EGZP) not found
glyph W24B (EGZP) not found
glyph W30 (EGZP) not found
glyph W72 (EGZP) not found
glyph X2D (EGZP) not found
glyph Y1A (EGZP) not found
glyph Y1AV (EGZP) not found
glyph Z3C (EGZP) not found
glyph Z6A (EGZP) not found
glyph Z44 (EGZP) not found
glyph Z45 (EGZP) not found
glyph Z46 (EGZP) not found
glyph AA1A (EGZP) not found
glyph AA12V (EGZP) not found
